feat(mark-last-tab): append last tab name with '*' (#6895)
wezterm/wezterm: docs/config/lua/TabInformation.md

* `tab_id` - the identifier for the tab
* `tab_index` - the logical tab position within its containing window, with 0 indicating the leftmost tab
* `is_active` - is true if this tab is the active tab

> * `is_last` - is true if this tab is the previous active tab - last tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `is_last_active` - is true if this tab is the previously active tab. {{since('nightly', inline=True)}}
```
